gh-102778: Add sys.last_exc, deprecate sys.last_type, sys.last_value,sys.last_traceback (#102779)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Core and Builtins/2023-03-17-13-43-34.gh-issue-102778.ANDv8I.rst

> Add ``sys.last_exc`` and deprecate ``sys.last_type``, ``sys.last_value`` and
> ``sys.last_traceback``, which have the same info in its legacy form.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add :data:`sys.last_exc` and deprecate :data:`sys.last_type`, :data:`sys.last_value`
and :data:`sys.last_traceback`,
which hold the same information in its legacy form.
```
